"x"
"1"	"PATIENT/TEST INFORMATION:
Indication: Left ventricular function. Myocardial infarction. Aortic valve disease.
Height: (in) 72
Weight (lb): 285
BSA (m2): 2.48 m2
BP (mm Hg): 88/52
HR (bpm): 97
Status: Inpatient
Date/Time: [**2121-2-20**] at 11:18
Test: Portable TTE (Complete)
Doppler: Complete pulse and color flow
Contrast: None
Technical Quality: Adequate


INTERPRETATION:

Findings:

LEFT ATRIUM: The left atrium is dilated.

RIGHT ATRIUM/INTERATRIAL SEPTUM: The right atrium is normal in size.

LEFT VENTRICLE: Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. The left
ventricular cavity is dilated. Overall left ventricular systolic function is
severely depressed. There is no resting left ventricular outflow tract
obstruction.

RIGHT VENTRICLE: The right ventricular wall thickness is normal. The right
ventricular cavity is dilated. Right ventricular systolic function appears
depressed.

AORTA: The aortic root is normal in diameter. The ascending aorta is normal in
diameter.

AORTIC VALVE: The number of aortic valve leaflets cannot be determined. The
aortic valve leaflets are severely thickened/deformed. There is severe aortic
valve stenosis. No aortic regurgitation is seen.

MITRAL VALVE: The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There is no
mitral valve prolapse. There is severe mitral annular calcification. There is
mild thickening of the mitral valve chordae. The tips of the papillary muscles
are calcified. There is no significant mitral stenosis. Mild (1+) mitral
regurgitation is seen. [Due to acoustic shadowing, the severity of mitral
regurgitation may be significantly UNDERestimated.]

TRICUSPID VALVE: The tricuspid valve leaflets are mildly thickened.
Physiologic tricuspid regurgitation is seen. The pulmonary artery systolic
pressure could not be determined.

PULMONIC VALVE/PULMONARY ARTERY: The pulmonic valve leaflets appear
structurally normal with physiologic pulmonic regurgitation. The main
pulmonary artery and its branches are normal. No color Doppler evidence for a
patent ductus arteriosus is visualized.

PERICARDIUM: There is a trivial/physiologic pericardial effusion. There are no
echocardiographic signs of tamponade.

Conclusions:
The left atrium is dilated. Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. The
left ventricular cavity is dilated. Overall left ventricular systolic function
is severely depressed (ejection fraction 20-30 percent) secondary to severe
global hypokinesis with relative sparing of the basal segment of the inferior,
posterior, and lateral walls. The right ventricular cavity is dilated. Right
ventricular systolic function appears depressed. The number of aortic valve
leaflets cannot be determined. The aortic valve leaflets are severely
thickened/deformed. There is severe aortic valve stenosis. No aortic
regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There
is no mitral valve prolapse. There is severe mitral annular calcification.
Mild (1+) mitral regurgitation is seen. [Due to acoustic shadowing, the
severity of mitral regurgitation may be significantly UNDERestimated.] The
tricuspid valve leaflets are mildly thickened. The pulmonary artery systolic
pressure could not be determined. There is a trivial/physiologic pericardial
effusion. There are no echocardiographic signs of tamponade.


"
